04/09/03 -- djh

README - this file

Makefile - makefile to build all of the programs in this directory.

arrays_ptrs.c - program to demonstrate similarities of arrays and
                pointer references.

command_args.c - program to demonstrate how to access the command line
                 arguments to a C program (when run from the Unix
                 command line).

count_char.c - program to demonstrate simple character I/O and
               processing.

count_char2.c - similar to count_char.c except that it uses a for loop
                instead of a while loop.

filecopy.c - program to copy from stdin to stdout.

filecopy2.c - similar to filecopy.c but using a more compact notation
              in which an I/O and assignment operation are embedded in
              the test portion of a while loop.

func_ptrs.c - program to demonstrate passing "by reference" and the
              use of a pointer to a function.

hello.c - variant on the standard "hello world" program to include an
          output decision based on user input as well as a basic
          function call.

hello2.h,
hello2a.c,
hello2b.c - functionality of hello.c divided into separate modules
            (files) to demonstrate the use of #include files, and
	    separate compilation.

io.c - This is the sample C I/O code provided as part of programming
       assignment #1.

mem_mgt.c - program to demonstrate structure definition, structure
            pointer declaration, allocation/deallocation of memory,
            and the dangers of careless pointer management/use.  Note
            that this code contains examples of what NOT to do.

struct_ptrs.c - program to show the use of the "->" shorthand for
                accessing the member of a structure via pointer
                dereference.  Also demonstrates the importance of
                understanding operator precedence.

swap.c - program to demonstrate the notion of "pass by value".

temps.c,
temps2.c,
temps3.c,
temps4.c - programs to demonstrate some simple, iterative, arithmetic
           processing and output.
